Remove references to support email address (#13570)
hashicorp/vagrant: website/content/intro/support.mdx

---
layout: intro
page_title: Vagrant Support
description: "Find Vagrant & HCP Vagrant Support"
---

> # Contacting Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Contact Support
```

To submit a support ticket:

> 1.  Navigate to the HashiCorp [Support Page](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us). You may find the answers you need by searching our support knowledge base, but if not select `Open a new ticket`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Visit the HashiCorp [Support Page](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us) to explore our support knowledge base for answers to your questions. If you do not find what you need, click `Open a new ticket` to get in touch with us directly.
```

> 2. To submit a new support ticket select `Cloud Customer` and choose `HCP Vagrant` from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Submit a new support ticket by selecting `Cloud Customer` and choose `HCP Vagrant` from the dropdown menu.
```

### Free Support

> We do not currently publish support SLAs for free accounts, but endeavor to
> respond as quickly as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not currently publish support SLAs for free accounts but aim to respond as quickly as possible.
```
